print("""Warm Up:
Choose 2 advancements (not those already discussed in the videos) in IT that have changed how we work and/or live.
For each, what are some of the effects (pros & cons) of some of these advancements of IT?

Add the following terms and definitions to your notes.

Terms Related to Social & Ethical Issues in a Networked World:
Add the following terms and definitions to your notes.
Reliability
Integrity
Inconsistency
Security
Privacy
Anonymity
I.P.
Digital Divide/Equality of Access
Surveillance
Globalization & Cultural Diversity
I.T. Policies
Standards & Protocols
People & Machines
Digital Citizenship

Potential Causes & Effects of IT:
Constant Exposure to Communication Technology
The Internet
Gaming
Developments of Smartphones
Over Use of Mobile Devices

Main Activity Task
1. Pros & Cons
2. Choose the topic...
3. Choose the topic...
""")

answer = "empty"

while(answer == "empty"):
  userChoice = input()
  answer = "chosen"

  if(userChoice == "Warm Up"):
    print("""
    1. Access to Information
    Access to information will allow humans to potentially learn anything. It would mean that it would be possible for humans to receive immediate information particularly in times of emergencies. A con of each thing would be that when there's too much information available, it is overwhelming and there may be a lot of disinformation.
    2. E-Commerce
    E-Commerce is wonderful as items can be bought and sold globally. Distance is less of a barrier in terms of resource access. The biggest problem with e-commerce is that as e-commerce allows business to be done around the world, it means some areas have more lax labor laws. It means many times, exploitation could be common.
    """)

  if(userChoice == "1"):
    print("""
    Reliability = refers to the operation of hardware, the design of software, the accuracy of data or the correspondence of data with the real world. Data may be unreliable if it has been entered incorrectly or if it becomes outdated. The reliability of machines, software and data determines our confidence in their value.
    Integrity = refers to safeguarding the accuracy and completeness of stored data. Data lacks integrity when it has been changed accidentally or tampered with. Examples of data losing integrity are where information is duplicated in a relational database and only one copy is updated or where data entries have been maliciously altered.
    Security = refers to the protection of hardware, software, machines and networks from unauthorized access. Security measures include restricted access to machines and networks for certain employees or to prevent access by hackers. The degree of security of information systems largely determines society’s confidence in the information contained in the systems.
    Privacy & Anonymity = Privacy is the ability of individuals and groups to determine for themselves when, how and to what extent information about themselves is shared with others. At its extreme, privacy becomes anonymity when, for instance, a person uses it to conceal his or her true identity in order to cyber-bully someone else. Conversely, excessive privacy could also conceal the perpetrators of criminal, terrorist or computer hacking acts from law enforcement agencies.
    Intellectual Property = includes ideas, discoveries, writings, works of art, software, collections and presentations of data. Copyright, trademarks and patents exist to protect intellectual property. However, the easy and accurate duplication methods made available through IT can undermine such protection.
    Authenticity = means establishing a user’s identity beyond reasonable doubt. Authenticating the user is crucial in many scenarios, particularly in business and legal matters. A simple example of authentication is a user login to a network. A more advanced example would be the use of encrypted digital signatures in a business transaction or the use of watermarking on digital photographs.
    Digital Divide & Equality of Access = The growth of the use of IT systems has led to disparities in the use of, and access to, information technologies. Disparities exist not only internationally between countries, but also within countries between different socio-economic groups as well as within what may appear to be relatively homogenous groups. This may lead to groups or individuals without access to IT being disadvantaged. For example, while telelearning may bring previously unavailable opportunities to everyone’s doorstep, factors such as the cost and availability of hardware, software or access to the internet may create a “digital divide”.
    Globalization & Cultural Diversity = means the diminishing importance of geographical, political, economic and cultural boundaries. IT has played a major role in reducing these boundaries. For example, any dramatic event anywhere in the world can be broadcast almost instantly by television or on the internet. However, the new “global village” may lead to the extinction of minority languages.
    IT Policies = 
    Surveillance = 
    Standards & Protocols = are technical rules and conventions that enable compatibility and therefore facilitate communication or interoperability between different IT systems and their components. They might govern the design and use of hardware, software and information. For example, the communication protocols used on the internet, the ASCII representations for characters, or the design of the printer port on a personal computer are all governed by standards.
    People & Machines = The use of IT systems brings significant advantages, for instance in ease of use, being available 24/7, or through its use rather than exposing humans to a potentially hazardous environment. However, this can raise concerns about the rate at which technology is being introduced and issues that may arise from insufficient testing in critical situations such as air traffic control. The ultimate fear of many people is that future systems will be programmed to make decisions that would be better taken by humans, such as the decision to deploy nuclear weapons.

There are also social impacts such as internet addiction, where people feel that they can never get away from IT and are trapped on a digital treadmill.

  Constant Exposure to Comm. Tech:
  Citizens better informed about the world, their community, friends, and family. However, there can be psychological impacts including stress, poor concentration, and short attention span. Additionally, this may also create additional obstacles to personal 1-to-1 relationships.
  Internet:
  Access to nearly immediate access to new tools, new ways to obtain information, new ways to share information. However, this can result in internet addiction, neglecting real life, and social media obsession.
  Gaming: Interactive medium capable of telling stories and providing intellectual stimulation. Also can improve hand-eye coordination. Users may have lower levels of concentration, sleep deprivation, social desensitization, addiction, and neglect real life and educational / personal development.
  Development of Smart Phones: Wide variety of uses is cheaper than the cost of buying devices that handle all the uses individually; gps, computer, internet, gaming platform, movies, camera, phone, etc. Smartphones have a continual increasing cost of the hardware, and the frequency at which they are replaced results in lots of e-waste.
  Use of Mobile Devices: Easier communication with family. Easier communication in emergencies. However, can be an obstacle to in-person communication. Additionally, there may be possible health consequences, issues with addiction, and increased accidents due to a lack of awareness while in-use (car accidents for example).

  1. Pros & Cons
  The advantage of students having unrestricted and unsupervised access to PCs is that they are able to freely enjoy the vast wealth of information available on the Internet without judgement. The disadvantage is that some information may not be constructive to a student's development. 
  2. Choose the Topic...
  Well gaming is something that is loved and hated. Gaming is something that creates a lot of controversy especially among authorities who oversee education and parenting. Thing is, there are many benefits to video gaming, many that are unacknowledged, but definitely, it is a form of entertainment. Video games have been around for decades but it still remains something that is largely disliked by mainstream society.
  3. Choose the Topic...
  I chose constant exposure to community and this link is here: https://www.verywellfamily.com/negative-effects-of-too-much-cell-phone-use-621152
  This article tells us that we actually are less connected because you stop focusing on the people around you when you are too busy paying attention to those in your screen.
  """)
